Didn't you say you would let Yingying go?
Ah, how could he enter the hospital to talk?
How did he end up in the hospital?
It was An Yingying who fell by herself
It has nothing to do with Nian Nian
I don't want to hear your nonsense
If something goes wrong with Yingying
I will definitely make you pay
price
Wonsheng, we sent An Yan to the hospital again
Already benevolent
Just the things you do
It's cheap for you to eat for a lifetime
Here we go.
By the way, the reason why I sent An Yingying to the hospital
Find him the best doctor
Just because the child is innocent
Who are the patient's family members?
I am a doctor
How is the patient now?
Keep the adults
The baby is gone
The patient is currently emotionally unstable
You, as a husband, try your best to comfort and comfort
Oops don't move
Just tell me what you need.
What about my child?
Child back to me
We'll have another one when you're better.
Who wants to have a baby with you?
The child belongs to Brother Ye
No, I'm going to find the child. Oops.
I will always be with you.
I won't leave you.
Brother Ye is with me because of the child
What should I do without children?
Let go of you, it's not Brother Ye
Brother Ye is the president of Nangong Group
I am the wife of the president
I'm going to find my child.
Yuan Longyi
Song Jianyi
I won't let you go